The cloud solution
The gaming industry is poised to change dramatically over the next decade. I would like to suggest the Cloudflare workers make the changes in the current game that the company is offering so that gamers can play the games without downloading the GB's of installation files and graphical data required to play the games, "The cloud solution". With 5G on the horizon, we know that mobile internet speeds to reach blistering rates. So everyone can play games online and they don't have to download the games like they use to do now while playing on Nintendo, SONY PS4, etc. Also, all the gamers must be able to stream the games as video streaming market is predicted to grow by more than 25% in the next 5 years. 
	We can implement these features in our current offering while considering the fast-growing use of internet speed and handheld devices for playing video games. Cloud solution and game streaming which will help Cloudflare to increase the sales of the company by at least 15% and revenue will be increased by 10% over the three years of period. 
	For developing such features without having the cloud infrastructure and technical skills it will take time initially. But there are many cloud solutions available in the market which are ready to offer their infrastructure services. Also, we can provide intensive training to Cloudflare workers to tackle this challenge.
	There is strong competition in the market that is ready to generate revenue and wants to grab the edge in the gaming industry which is the next digital revolution. We have to update the current offerings with the latest features as we know that Microsoft is working Project xCloud, Google is developing Stadia to play the games on smartphones and internet-connected devices. And this will help the Cloudflare to achieve a strong position over the competitors.
	With the hard requirement of an Internet connection that isn’t widely available even in the majority of the world and convoluted licensing and distribution terms, game streaming will cater to an even smaller clientele despite the promise of greater availability. But if game streaming has such limitations, why are companies pushing it forward despite potentially reducing their reach and customers? That’s because that’s where most of the industry is heading and when it does work, it works great. If we use the Amazon web services for the cloud infrastructure then we can easily control the loss if the failure happens and if it's a success then we can easily the scale the servers capacity. 
		
